ADAPT-4216: Port Vault variable management strategy. (#274)
SU-SWS/saa_alumni: README.md

Netlify hosted, Gatsby built, storyblok headless cms site for alumni.stanford.edu

## Installation

_Development_

```
cp example.env .env
* Manually add the vault secret and role id to .env

> * You can get the variables by running `netlify login` then `netlify link` and then `netlify env`
> * After the VAULT_ROLE_ID and VAULT_SECRET_ID environment variables have been set run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can also get the vault secret and role id by first running `netlify login` then `netlify link`.
* Then use the `netlify env:get VAR_NAME` and `netlify env:set VAR_NAME value` commands to retrieve and set the `VAULT_ROLE_ID` and `VAULT_ROLE_ID`.
* After the `VAULT_ROLE_ID` and `VAULT_SECRET_ID` environment variables have been set,
```
Super minor suggestions to make this a bit more straightforward

> * Get the FontAwesome NPM token from the Netlify site settings in environment variables *

Reviewer: ```suggestion
get the FontAwesome NPM token from the Netlify site settings in environment variables *
```
Just trying to delete this bullet so it reads as one sentence with the line above:
"After the `VAULT_ROLE_ID` and `VAULT_SECRET_ID` environment variables have been set, get the FontAwesome NPM token from the Netlify site settings in environment variables"
